Add Gradle task to build a thin jar for Android/Kotlin project (#45)
kuzzleio/sdk-jvm: doc/1/getting-started/kotlin/index.md

You can find the SDK JARs directly on [bintray](https://bintray.com/kuzzle/maven/sdk-jvm). Download and add them to your classpath.

::: warning

> If you have duplicates dependencies issues, you should either add those lines in your application `gradle.build file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `sdk-jvm-X.Y.Z-with-depencencies.jar` in a Kotlin Android Studio project, consider adding the following lines to your `gradle.build file`
```

> If you are using the `sdk-jvm-X.Y.Z.jar` in a Kotlin Android Studio project, consider adding the following lines to your `gradle.build` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `sdk-jvm-X.Y.Z.jar` in a Kotlin Android Studio project, consider adding the following lines to your `build.gradle` file:
```

```groovy
configurations {
     cleanedAnnotations
     compile.exclude group: 'org.jetbrains'
     compile.exclude group: 'org.jetbrains.kotlin'
 }
```

> Or you can use our jar dependencies less, and add those dependencies in your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can use our jar without the dependencies included, and add those yourself in your application:
```

```groovy
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-websockets:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-okhttp:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-cio:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-json:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-gson:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-serialization:1.5.2")
    implementation("com.google.code.gson:gson:2.8.5")
```

> :::

Reviewer: ::: warning
If you are using the `sdk-jvm-X.Y.Z-with-dependencies.jar` in a Kotlin Android Studio project, consider adding the following lines to your `gradle.build file`

```groovy
configurations {
     cleanedAnnotations
     compile.exclude group: 'org.jetbrains'
     compile.exclude group: 'org.jetbrains.kotlin'
 }
``` 
:::

::: warning

If you are having troubles with duplicate dependencies in your project, consider using the  `sdk-jvm-X.Y.Z-without-dependencies.jar` and add the following dependencies yourself:

```groovy
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-websockets:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-okhttp:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-cio:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-json:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-gson:1.5.2")
    implementation("io.ktor:ktor-client-serialization:1.5.2")
    implementation("com.google.code.gson:gson:2.8.5")
``` 
:::

> :::

Reviewer 2: (open to debate) I find this piece of documentation confusing: you instruct to add lines, but then to remove them if problems arise.

What about introducing these two ways of building the SDK jars in the following manner?

```
This SDK has 2 jar files that you can use:
* `sdk-jvm-<version>-without-dependencies.jar`: this is the thin jar version of the SDK, without any dependencies included in it
* `sdk-jvm-<version>.jar`: this is the fat jar version, containing the SDK and all its dependencies

Depending on your project, you might need one or the other version of the SDK : if you already use some of the dependencies needed by the SDK, then you need to use the thin jar version. Otherwise, you may use the fat jar one.
```

And then you can explain how to include the SDK as a follow-up, with how to modify the gradle file.

wdyt?

Author: I updated it :+1:
